Update LocalFS install instructions (#432)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/local/README.md

> 1. Create a directory to be the home of your FlowForge install. For example: `/opt/flowforge`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `flowforge` directory to be the base of your FlowForge install. 
```

Author: I've updated this to match the installer/README.md with examples for both (which I want to keep because it adds context to the exampels) and changed `home` to `base`

   For Linux/MacOS:
    ```
    sudo mkdir /opt/flowforge
    sudo chown $USER /opt/flowforge
    ```
   
   For Windows:
    ```console
    mkdir c:\flowforge
    ```

2. Download the Installer zip file from https://github.com/flowforge/installer/releases

3. Unzip the downloaded file into a temporary location and copy its contents to
   the FlowForge directory

   For Linux/MacOS:
    ```
    cd /tmp/
    unzip flowforge-installer-x.y.z.zip
    cp -R flowforge-installer-x.y.z/* /opt/flowforge
    ```

   For Windows:
    ```console
    cd c:\temp
    tar -xf flowforge-installer-x.y.z.zip
    xcopy /E /I flowforge-installer-x.y.z c:\flowforge
    ```

4. Run the installer and follow the prompts

   For Linux/MacOS:
    ```
    cd /opt/flowforge
    ./install.sh
    ```

   For Windows:
    ```console
    cd c:\flowforge
    install.bat
    ```

#### Installing as a service

> On Linux, the installer will ask if you want to run FlowForge as a service.

Reviewer: How does the user run as a service on Windows?

Author: You don't easily, you need extra things like pm2 or https://www.hardill.me.uk/wordpress/2014/05/30/running-node-red-as-a-windows-or-osx-service/.
